well howdy there internet people it's
bow-gun
so tonight we're going to talk about my
keychain and you guys so had somebody
ask me a question and I can answer Mike
who's your audience I quite like the
demographics who are they most people
can say you know they're 24 to 35
predominantly male predominantly this
race you know I can't do that it's a
pretty wide cross-section the only
answer I could come up with was those
people supporting or in pursuit of
freedom it's not all we all have in
common to be honest it's a very diverse
group of people generally leaning
liberal ish left ish but not always and
it's like man well you're gonna have a
lot to work with over the next year
because we've been talking about the
news articles that came out today
talking about how the president is going
to become more authoritarian he's been
emboldened by being acquitted and that
basically the Senate won't hold him
accountable they're afraid to
and it got me thinking you know man that
that is it's a little rough and that's
it that's a little rough of a load and
as I'm in the drive-through making my $7
installment on my heart attack I'm
playing with my key chain
cuz food stay for a while and my
keychain by the way it's a rock it's got
some blue paint on a pink a blue paint
on it and it kind of gave me a little
bit of hope there was a time when this
rock was a symbol of everything that was
wrong a symbol of tyranny symbol of
oppression and were probably headed into
a period in the United States where
we're gonna have to deal with a lot of
authoritarianism but at the same time
now today this rock it doesn't symbolize
that anymore an image of this all put
together oh yeah it still symbolizes all
the bad things everything that's wrong
with the world but when it's broken up
scattered all over the world takes on a
different meaning
you know the Berlin Wall coming down
it was it was perfect in so many ways it
was literally freedom breaking through
was literally an end to that type of
authoritarianism and it literally
crashed through wall was gorgeous
perfect
and now pieces of that wall they're
scattered all over the world not as
symbols of tyranny but as symbols of
hope and motivation Germany endured that
for decades before it came to an end the
entire time there were people who were
active there were people who spoke out
there were people who did what they
could to turn the tide we are lucky in
the sense that there are a lot of people
in this country who realize what's
around the corner
and we can speak out now we can
hopefully stop the symbols from becoming
quite as big as this there will
certainly be symbols that Trump creates
over the rest of his tenure that will be
viewed as symbols of authoritarianism
hopefully they will be viewed as symbols
of how close we came rather than the
time we did become an authoritarian
state but no matter what
the pattern of world history moves
towards freedom it moves towards more
freedom for more people and eventually
whatever symbols he creates they're
gonna put some key chains they're gonna
become symbols of hope and symbols of
motivation for the next generation of
people who will speak up anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night